0000-template.md, before:

- Start Date: (fill me in with today's date, YYYY-MM-DD)
- RFC PR: (leave this empty)
- React Issue: (leave this empty)

# Summary

Brief explanation of the feature.

# Basic example

If the proposal involves a new or changed API, include a basic code example.
Omit this section if it's not applicable.

# Motivation

Why are we doing this? What use cases does it support? What is the expected
outcome?

Please focus on explaining the motivation so that if this RFC is not accepted,
the motivation could be used to develop alternative solutions. In other words,
enumerate the constraints you are trying to solve without coupling them too
closely to the solution you have in mind.

# Detailed design

This is the bulk of the RFC. Explain the design in enough detail for somebody
familiar with React to understand, and for somebody familiar with the
implementation to implement. This should get into specifics and corner-cases,
and include examples of how the feature is used. Any new terminology should be
defined here.

# Drawbacks

Why should we *not* do this? Please consider:

- implementation cost, both in term of code size and complexity
- whether the proposed feature can be implemented in user space
- the impact on teaching people React
- integration of this feature with other existing and planned features
- cost of migrating existing React applications (is it a breaking change?)

There are tradeoffs to choosing any path. Attempt to identify them here.

# Alternatives

What other designs have been considered? What is the impact of not doing this?

# Adoption strategy

If we implement this proposal, how will existing React developers adopt it? Is
this a breaking change? Can we write a codemod? Should we coordinate with
other projects or libraries?

# How we teach this

What names and terminology work best for these concepts and why? How is this
idea best presented? As a continuation of existing React patterns?

Would the acceptance of this proposal mean the React documentation must be
re-organized or altered? Does it change how React is taught to new developers
at any level?

How should this feature be taught to existing React developers?

# Unresolved questions

Optional, but suggested for first drafts. What parts of the design are still
TBD?

Commit message:

Add notes and sections to `0000-template.md` and `README.md`
* **0000-template.md**
  - Add a note at the top explaining the purpose of the template.
  - Add a "Metadata" section after the "React Issue" section.
  - Add a "References" section at the end of the file.

* **README.md**
  - Add a note at the beginning explaining the purpose of the repository and the importance of the RFC process.
  - Add a "Contributing Guidelines" section after the "Active RFC List" section.
  - Add a "Code of Conduct" section after the "Contributing Guidelines" section.

0000-template.md, after:

<!--
This template is used to create new RFC (Request for Comments) documents. It ensures that all RFCs follow a consistent structure and include necessary information for proposing new features or changes to the project. By following this template, contributors can create well-structured and comprehensive RFC documents, maintaining a high standard of documentation and ensuring thorough consideration and review of all proposals.
-->

- Start Date: (fill me in with today's date, YYYY-MM-DD)
- RFC PR: (leave this empty)
- React Issue: (leave this empty)

# Metadata

- Author: (fill me in with the author's name)
- Status: (fill me in with the current status of the RFC)
- Version: (fill me in with the version of the RFC)

# Summary

Brief explanation of the feature.

# Basic example

If the proposal involves a new or changed API, include a basic code example.
Omit this section if it's not applicable.

# Motivation

Why are we doing this? What use cases does it support? What is the expected
outcome?

Please focus on explaining the motivation so that if this RFC is not accepted,
the motivation could be used to develop alternative solutions. In other words,
enumerate the constraints you are trying to solve without coupling them too
closely to the solution you have in mind.

# Detailed design

This is the bulk of the RFC. Explain the design in enough detail for somebody
familiar with React to understand, and for somebody familiar with the
implementation to implement. This should get into specifics and corner-cases,
and include examples of how the feature is used. Any new terminology should be
defined here.

# Drawbacks

Why should we *not* do this? Please consider:

- implementation cost, both in term of code size and complexity
- whether the proposed feature can be implemented in user space
- the impact on teaching people React
- integration of this feature with other existing and planned features
- cost of migrating existing React applications (is it a breaking change?)

There are tradeoffs to choosing any path. Attempt to identify them here.

# Alternatives

What other designs have been considered? What is the impact of not doing this?

# Adoption strategy

If we implement this proposal, how will existing React developers adopt it? Is
this a breaking change? Can we write a codemod? Should we coordinate with
other projects or libraries?

# How we teach this

What names and terminology work best for these concepts and why? How is this
idea best presented? As a continuation of existing React patterns?

Would the acceptance of this proposal mean the React documentation must be
re-organized or altered? Does it change how React is taught to new developers
at any level?

How should this feature be taught to existing React developers?

# Unresolved questions

Optional, but suggested for first drafts. What parts of the design are still
TBD?

# References

Include links to related RFCs, documentation, or external resources that provide additional context or information.
